doc: make building with ninja more discoverable (#41840)
nodejs/node: doc/contributing/pull-requests.md

./configure && make -j4 test
```

We can speed up the builds by using [Ninja](https://ninja-build.org/). For more
information, see

> [Building Node.js with Ninja](doc/contributing/building-node-with-ninja.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Building Node.js with Ninja](building-node-with-ninja.md).
```
to make lint-md happy

./configure && make -j4 test
```

> We can speed up the builds by using Ninja. For more information, see the
> [Building Node.js with Ninja](building-node-with-ninja.md) document.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We can speed up the builds by using [Ninja](https://ninja-build.org/). For more
information, see
[Building Node.js with Ninja](doc/contributing/building-node-with-ninja.md).
```
